So, instead of just hard coding and changing directly the state of the screen here,
what we want to do is we want the user to be able to make that change.
So, let's add a button up here by our Search Contacts field,
and we'll add a click handler lap that will
change the state which will then change the screen.
So this will happen inside of the List Contacts component.
So, where we will put it is right below the input right here.
So, let's just have an anchor tag and we'll just do that for now.
When, we click on,
we'll just have an empty function here for
now because we're not quite sure what we want to do yet.
We'll also give this a class name of add
contact and then the text for this anchor tag we'll just say add contact.
Then now what we should see when we say this is we get this nice little button up here,
but the button doesn't actually do anything yet.
What we wanted to do is we wanted to change the state of
our App component but the problem that we're now going to run into is the state for app,
specifically the screen property,
is owned by the App component and we are inside of our ListContacts component.
So, just as we did here with removeContact,
what we want to do is we want to pass a property
or a prop down to ListContacts and when it is clicked,
that method will toggle or change the specific screen.
So, what we'll do is let's pass a new prop to ListContacts.
We'll call it onNavigate and then we will just go ahead and
pass it an inline function here using an arrow function.
When this function is clicked we can call setState
and what is clicked we want the screen to be changed to create.
So, let's save this file first and then now we are
passing this function onNavigate in as a prop to ListContacts.
So inside of ListContacts,
what we can do is now instead of just returning this blank function,
we can call onNavigate and we can make sure that we restructure it up here.
So now what's happening is when we click on the button
you'll notice we now get the CreateContacts screen because what we did
was we said when we create this element pass it a function called
onNavigate and when that function is invoked we will set the screen to be create.
Down here we said if screen is list go ahead and show ListContacts and if it's not,
if it is create then go ahead and show CreateContact.
So, when we click on our anchor tag here,
this onClick function will be invoked,
which will then invoke onNavigate which will
then change the state so we see the new screen.
But now what should happen if we click the back button?
Well, not that. So let's talk about it.
Now, you've probably used an app on the web that broke
the back button the same way that we just broke the back button in our contacts app.
It's no good because this is an essential feature of the web.
When a user clicks the back button they expect to see the previous screen.
It gets really tricky to do this with component's state all on our own.
That's why React Router exists.
So, that you can keep your UI and your URL in sync.
It keeps all of the users expectations around links screens and the URL intact.